<div class="description">
<p>The SDK provides a single $.fn call for all object creation.  This is the single most important call.  It is also used to generate templates or entirely functional interfaces, with just one line of code.  Standard practice is to generate all elements outside the viewable area, in one shot. Then create animation sequences (or just instantly show) the elements.  This helps reduce framerate drops and taxing hardware on older technology.</p>

<p>The call directly interacts with the LCARS.create API.  The 'type' key of a definition directly calls the correct LCARS.objectType.create block.  By extending the LCARS.object options new elements and widgets can be created.</p>

<p>The $.fn create call has an optional appendTo and timing parameters along with a success call.  AppendTo parameter overrides any appendTo setting on an elements definition and applies to all elements created with that call.  The success call triggers after all elements passed are generated.  The timing parameter allows for adding a delay to the success call, set in milliseconds.</p>

<p>Just pass an element definition or an array of definitions.</p>
</div>

<pre class="code hidden">
//Basic Usage
$({definition}).createObject({appendTo:string, timing:250, success:function(){}}
$([{definition}, {definition}, {definition}]).createObject({appendTo:string, timing:250, success:function(){}}

$({type:'button', color:'red', appendTo:'body', id:'newButton'}).createObject({});

$({type:'button', color:'red', appendTo:'body', id:'newButton'}, {type:'bar', id:'bar_headerBar1', appendTo:'body'}).createObject({});

//AppendTo parameter set with creation call.
$({type:'button', appendTo:'body'}).createObject({}); => From Definition, applies to only that element if multiple elements created.

$({type:'button'}).createObject({appendTo:'body'}); => From Create Call, applies to all elements created with the call.

$({type:'button', appendTo:'body'}).createObject({appendTo:'#wpr_mainView'}); => Overrides all definitions appendTo settings.

$({type:'button'}).createObject({}); => No 'appendTo' passed, returns built element.  Only pass a single element or template when returning.


//Create an element
$({type:'button', id:'elementID', appendTo:'body', label:'Text', color:'blue'}).createObject({});

//Sample Button Create Code from lcarssdk.js:
var LCARS = {
    button:{
        create:function(args){
            if(args.link !== undefined){
                var element = $('&lt;a class="button"&gt;');
            }else{
                var element = $('&lt;div class="button"&gt;');
            }            
            element = LCARS.setObjectSettings(element, args);
            return element; 
        }	         
    },

}

//Extend LCARS.create with new object
LCARS.valueSlider.create = function(args){
	//Build the new base element
	return element;
}

//Create Custom Object
$({type:'valueSlider', id:'elementID', appendTo:'body', label:'Text', color:'blue', value:53}).createObject({});

</pre>