<div class="description">
<p>General rule is, if the SDK API created it, the API is used to remove it.</p>
<p>When removing objects from the DOM, the API provides its own call so proper cleanup is handled.  When an object is removed, its definition is also removed from the global variable allObjects along with attached events.  Before it is deleted from the global variable, the call checks to see if there is is a 'remove' function within the definition to trigger.</p>

<p>LCARS element animations tend to follow a sequential pattern as elements are removed. Elements tend to animate in instantly or with a fade.  By passing true to the fade parameter on the objects definition allows the remove function to go between the two removal types.  If fade is passed as an arg of the remove call, it will override the definitions.  The timing argument allows for a pause before moving to the next element.</p>

<p>The SDK provides a simple call that will sequentially hide elements and then remove them in the order presented. If selectors are used, elements will be removed in the order that they appear in the DOM.  If the passed elements are sent as an object array, they will be removed in the order they are passed.</p>
</div>

<pre class="code hidden">

$(element).removeObject(success);

$(elements).removeObject(success); => Remove multiple objects at the same time.

$('#thatButton, #thisButton, .bar, .block').removeObjectSequence({fade:true, timing:250}); => Selector based.  Removes elements in order of appearance within the DOM.

$([$('#thatButton'), $('#thisButton')]).removeObjectSequence({fade:true, timing:250});  => Object based, removes in order of array.

</pre>