<div class="description">
<p>All needed elements are generated and appended to the DOM first normally.  Next step is making those elements viewable.  When an element is shown, the $.fn call will check to see if there is a definition in the global variable 'allObjects' and if there is an attached 'show' function to trigger.  This enables the ability of triggering specific events tied to specific elements when they are available to the user.</p>

<p>LCARS element animations tend to follow a sequential pattern as elements are shown. Elements tend to animate in instantly or with a fade.  By passing true to the fade parameter on the objects definition allows the show function to go between the two showing types.  If fade is passed as an arg of the show call, it will override the definitions.  The timing argument allows for a pause before moving to the next element.</p>

<p>The SDK provides a simple call that will sequentially show elements in the order presented. If selectors are used, elements will be shown in the order that they appear in the DOM.  If the passed elements are sent as an object array, they will be shown in the order they are passed.</p>
</div>
<pre class="hidden code">
 
$(element).showObject({});

$('#thatButton, #thisButton, .bar, .block').showObjectSequence({fade:true, timing:250}); => Selector based.  Removes elements in order of appearance within the DOM.

$([$('#thatButton'), $('#thisButton')]).showObjectSequence({fade:true, timing:250});  => Object based, removes in order of array.

</pre>